Fix the task list template to use the correct status tag options (#28)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit-common-templates: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2.0.1

> - Fix for a bug with the task list template

Reviewer: Shall we quickly explain what's being fixed?

```suggestion
- Fix the task list template to use the correct status tag options
```

> - Fix the task list template to use the correct status tag options

Reviewer 2: Can this include the PR number and link, to match the format used in previous versions please?

Author: Done.
